Introduce `auto` option for version manager (#437)
Shopify/vscode-ruby-lsp: README.md

#### Ruby version managers

To boot the server properly, the Ruby LSP uses version managers to activate the right environment variables that point

> bundler to the Ruby and gem paths. This is especially necessary when switching between projects that use different Ruby

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bundler to the Ruby and gem paths. This is especially necessary when switching between projects that use different Ruby
```

versions - since those paths change and need to be reactivated.

> By default, the Ruby LSP will attempt to guess which version manager it should use, checking which ones are available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Ruby LSP will attempt to automatically determine which version manager it should use, checking which ones are available
```
